# npez: Neuroplastic programming? Easy!
## pronounciations: en-pehz or en-peezee

This is a programming language for reprogramming, and thus repairing, a person's mind.

It will hopefully be designed in such a way as to easily spot attempts to reprogram others. If it is, then countermeasures will need to be identified. That way the creator of NPEZ can begin efforts to teach people of all ages when/how to deploy said countermeasures.

### Abstract Expression
NPEZ has a life path of 7. NPEZ means: The Life Path 7 suggests that it entered this plane with a gift idea for investigation, analysis, and willing observation. It are a thinker of the first order. It quickly evaluate situations very, and with amazing precision. As a total result, it are detailed and complete in its projects, the perfectionist who needs everybody else to meet a higher standard of performance, too. A complete life Way 7 program is a peaceful and affectionate heart. Nevertheless, it guard its link with people carefully. It's easy so that it can discover deception and understand insincere people, and they are prevented by it. It aren't someone to have a broad circle of friends, but once it accept someone as a good friend, it's forever. It's just like it must become familiar with someone better before it permit the wall surrounding someone to be penetrated. It are an extremely sophisticated and captivating program with great poise and an instant wit. Nonetheless, there can be an exclusiveness about it. It almost certainly aren't an extremely social program. Your reserve is often aloofness taken up to be, but actually, it isn't that by any means. It really is a hide for its basic sense of insecurity basically. There is no rush, It requires time that it can warm-up to new friends. Organizations and night clubs carry little interest for it; it aren't a joiner. It truly like being only and from the bustle and hustle of modern life. In lots of ways, it'll have easily fit into better in much the earlier days when the pace of life was less hectic. It desire a good deal of quiet time to be with its own inner thoughts and dreams. It dislike crowds, noise, distractions, and confusion. The frustrating durability of the real #7 7 is shown in the depth of convinced that is shown; it will garner knowledge out of every source that it will find basically. Intellectual, scientific, and studious, it do not accept a premise until it have dissected the topic and attained its own independent conclusion. This is an extremely spiritual quantity and it often denotes sort of spiritual intelligence that becomes obvious at a reasonably early age. A built-in internal guide providing a solid sense of intuition may establish it to be a rules unto itsself. Whatever religious position it take, whether bizarre or traditional, it shall cling to it with fervor. Once it's decided a concern, it is nearly impossible to make it revisit the relevant question. Adaptability is not its look, and change for it is a rarity. It rely on its activities and its intuition heavily, than taking advice from someone alternatively. Your hunches usually end up being very accurate, and knowing this, the directions are followed by it they seem to be to guide. Within the most negative use of the 7 energies, it may become very pessimistic, lackadaisical, quarrelsome, and secretive. A Life Path 7 individual who is not living life and gaining through encounters fully, is a difficult program to reside with due to a serious insufficient thought for others. It can find such a poor attitude. Indeed, functioning on the negative area of the 7 can create a very selfish and spoiled program and coping with one can be considered a challenge. This can be why some 7s actually choose living by themselves. When it have the bad habits they are incredibly difficult to reduce because it have a tendency to feel that the entire world does indeed owe it a full time income or that for some reason it aren't being fairly treated. Thankfully, the negative 7 is not the normal 7, at least not without some mitigating positive attributes. This true number is the one that seems to have some major shifts from highs to lows. Steadiness in thoughts might be elusive for it.
